README.md, before:

# trybe-practice-activities

## Trybe is an education institution that offers a 1500+ hours full-stack web development course. All the code created for the course's daily activities is available here

### Module 1 - Command line and Shell script

  Learned some basic command line commands, such as ```mkdir```, ```mv```, ```rm```, ```cp```, ```cat```, among others. Also learned the basics of Shell script: read input from the command line, process said input and print a return on the terminal.
  
### Module 2 - <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/git.png" alt="git" width="20" height="20"/>, <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/GitHub_logo.png" alt="github" width="20" height="20"/> and the basics of how the internet works

  Learned what are Git and GitHub, how the two differ and how to make good use of them. Created this very repository to archive all relevant code-related activities and track our progress throughout the course. 
  
### Module 3 - Intro to <img src="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/downloads/HTML5_Badge_32.png" alt="html5" width="20" height="20"/> and <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/732/732190.svg" alt="css3" width="20" height="20"/>

  Learned the basics of HTML and CSS. Initially, used non-semantic HTML, but later on in the module learned and adopted semantic HTML to the best of my knowledge at the time. Used ```float```, ```position```, ```color```, ```font```, ```border```, ```margin```, ```padding``` and most basic items.

### Module 4 - Intro to <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/JavaScript_Logo.png" alt="javascript" width="20" height="20"/>

  Learned the basics of JavaScript syntax: variables, control flow, loops. Also learned about functions and objects. Practiced some programming logic doing algorithms using JS syntax.

### Module 5 - Intro to <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/JavaScript_Logo.png" alt="javascript" width="20" height="20"/>: Part 2

  Learned about DOM, some of its selectors (```getElementById```, ```getElementsbyClassName``` and ```TagName```, ```querySelector```, ```querySelectorAll```), and how to manipulate DOM elements. Also learned about JavaScript events and web storage.

### Module 6 - Forms, CSS flexbox, libs and frameworks

  Learned how to create and validate a HTML ```form```. In order to validate it, we used the <a href="https://github.com/Pikaday/Pikaday">Pikaday</a> and <a href="https://github.com/horprogs/Just-validate">Just-Validate</a> libs. To improve the aesthetics of it, I chose to use <a href="https://bulma.io">Bulma</a>. Also, we learned how to use flexbox and the mobile first strategy.
    
### Module 7 - ES6: Part 1

  Learned in more depth about ~~var,~~ ```let``` and ```const```, as well as arrow functions, template literals and objects. Also learned about the Node.js Assert module and the basics of unit testing.
  
### Module 8 - ES6: Part 2

Ongoing.

Commit message:

Update README with the contents of modules 8 through 11

README.md, after:

# trybe-practice-activities

## Trybe is an education institution that offers a 1500+ hours full-stack web development course. All the code created for the course's daily activities is available here

### Module 1 - Command line and Shell script

  Learned some basic command line commands, such as ```mkdir```, ```mv```, ```rm```, ```cp```, ```cat```, among others. Also learned the basics of Shell script: read input from the command line, process said input and print a return on the terminal.
  
### Module 2 - <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/git.png" alt="git" width="20" height="20"/>, <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/GitHub_logo.png" alt="github" width="20" height="20"/> and the basics of how the internet works

  Learned what are Git and GitHub, how the two differ and how to make good use of them. Created this very repository to archive all relevant code-related activities and track our progress throughout the course. 
  
### Module 3 - Intro to <img src="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/downloads/HTML5_Badge_32.png" alt="html5" width="20" height="20"/> and <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/732/732190.svg" alt="css3" width="20" height="20"/>

  Learned the basics of HTML and CSS. Initially, used non-semantic HTML, but later on in the module learned and adopted semantic HTML to the best of my knowledge at the time. Used ```float```, ```position```, ```color```, ```font```, ```border```, ```margin```, ```padding``` and most basic items.

### Module 4 - Intro to <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/JavaScript_Logo.png" alt="javascript" width="20" height="20"/>

  Learned the basics of JavaScript syntax: variables, control flow, loops. Also learned about functions and objects. Practiced some programming logic doing algorithms using JS syntax.

### Module 5 - Intro to <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/JavaScript_Logo.png" alt="javascript" width="20" height="20"/>: Part 2

  Learned about DOM, some of its selectors (```getElementById```, ```getElementsbyClassName``` and ```TagName```, ```querySelector```, ```querySelectorAll```), and how to manipulate DOM elements. Also learned about JavaScript events and web storage.

### Module 6 - Forms, CSS flexbox, libs and frameworks

  Learned how to create and validate a HTML ```form```. In order to validate it, we used the <a href="https://github.com/Pikaday/Pikaday">Pikaday</a> and <a href="https://github.com/horprogs/Just-validate">Just-Validate</a> libs. To improve the aesthetics of it, I chose to use <a href="https://bulma.io">Bulma</a>. Also, we learned how to use flexbox and the mobile first strategy.
    
### Module 7 - ES6: Part 1

  Learned in more depth about ~~var,~~ ```let``` and ```const```, as well as arrow functions, template literals and objects. Also learned about the Node.js Assert module and the basics of unit testing.
  
### Module 8 - ES6: Part 2

  Learned about higher-order functions and some other remaining relevant topics from ES6, like spread and rest operators and destructuring assignment. The HOF we learned and practiced with are ```forEach```, ```find```, ```some```, ```every```, ```sort```, ```map```, ```filter``` and ```reduce```.

### Module 9 - Async, promises and callbacks

  Learned what are asynchronous operations and in what form they usually show up in our systems. Also learned how to deal with async operations using promises. Finally, formalized a concept we we've been using for some time already: callbacks.

### Module 10 - Jest

  Learned how to test our applications with a more sophisticated technology: Jest. We were presented to and practiced with ```describe```, ```it```, ```mock``` and ```spy```.

### Module 11 - Intro to <img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/React_logo_logotype_emblem.png" alt="react" width="20" height="20"/>
  
  Learned about what React is and how it works. Made a simple "Hello, world!", created some components, used ```props``` and ```propTypes```. Created a simpler version of a IMDB-like page.

### Module 12

Ongoing.
